ML Engineer (ML Ops)
Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad
Apply Now
Job Description
ML Engineer (ML Ops)
Chennai / Bangalore / Hyderabad

Who we are
Tiger Analytics is a global leader in AI and analytics, helping Fortune 1000 companies solve their toughest challenges. We offer full-stack AI and analytics services & solutions to empower businesses to achieve real outcomes and value at scale. We are on a mission to push the boundaries of what AI and analytics can do to help enterprises navigate uncertainty and move forward decisively. Our purpose is to provide certainty to shape a better tomorrow.
Our team of 4000+ technologists and consultants are based in the US, Canada, the UK, India, Singapore and Australia, working closely with clients across CPG, Retail, Insurance, BFS, Manufacturing, Life Sciences, and Healthcare. Many of our team leaders rank in Top 10 and 40 Under 40 lists, exemplifying our dedication to innovation and excellence.
We are a Great Place to Work-Certified™ (2022-24), recognized by analyst firms such as Forrester, Gartner, HFS, Everest, ISG and others. We have been ranked among the ‘Best’ and ‘Fastest Growing’ analytics firms lists by Inc., Financial Times, Economic Times and Analytics India Magazine.

Curious about the role? What your typical day would look like?
We are looking for a Senior Analyst or Machine Learning Engineer who will work on a broad range of cutting-edge data analytics and machine learning problems across a variety of industries. More specifically, you will
* Engage with clients to understand their business context.
* Translate business problems and technical constraints into technical requirements for the desired analytics solution.
* Collaborate with a team of data scientists and engineers to embed AI and analytics into the business decision processes.
What do we expect?
? 3+ years of experience with at least 1+ years of relevant DS experience.
? Proficient in a structured Python, Pyspark, Machine Learning (Experience in productionizing models)
? Proficient in AWS cloud technologies is mandatory
? Experience and good understanding with Sagemaker/Data Bricks
? Experience in MLOPS frameworks (e.g Mlflow or Kubeflow)
? Follows good software engineering practices and has an interest in building reliable and robust software.
? Good understanding of DS concepts and DS model lifecycle.
? Working knowledge of Linux or Unix environments ideally in a cloud environment.
? Model deployment / model monitoring experience (Preferably in Banking Domain)
? CI/CD pipeline creation is good to have
? Excellent written and verbal communication skills
? B.Tech from Tier-1 college / M.S or M. Tech is preferred

You are important to us, let’s stay connected!
Every individual comes with a different set of skills and qualities so even if you don’t tick all the boxes for the role today, we urge you to apply as there might be a suitable/unique role for you tomorrow.
We are an equal-opportunity employer. Our diverse and inclusive culture and values guide us to listen, trust, respect, and encourage people to grow the way they desire.
Note: The designation will be commensurate with expertise and experience. Compensation packages are among the best in the industry.
Additional Benefits: Health insurance (self & family), virtual wellness platform, and knowledge communities.

